README.md, before:

# Efficient Library System
Authors: [Omar Al-kurd](https://github.com/omar-a-007), [Sevak Ohanian](https://github.com/SevakOhanian7), [Xirong Xie](https://github.com/XirongXie)
 
## Project Description
The Effecient Library System is a tool that enables users to catalog a variety of media, spanning across any number of categories and genres. The tool is designed to support effecient storage and retrieval as well as intuitive catalog displays.

### Why a library system?
Omar: A Library allows us to explore a variety of design patterns and structures as well as interact with data that is only visible dependent upon the logged in user. With a library system, we can incorporate database technology into our toolset. 

Sevak:

Xirong: 


 ## Languages/tools/technologies
 The Effecient Library System will be programmed in C++
 * We will be exploring [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/cpp/start) as a database system - Firebase is a Real Time Database developed by Google that utilizes a NoSQL cloud database infrastructure.
 
 > * What will be the input/output of your project?
 > * What are the two design patterns you will be using? For each design pattern you must explain in 4-5 sentences:
 >   * Why you picked this pattern and what feature you will implement with it
 >   * What problem you anticipate encountering when implementing your project that you will solve using the design pattern
 >   * Why the chosen design pattern will lead to a good solution to that problem
 > * This description should be in enough detail that the TA/instructor can determine the complexity of the project and if it is sufficient for the team members to complete in the time allotted. 

 > ## Phase II
 > In addition to completing the "Class Diagram" section below, you will need to 
 > * Set up your GitHub project board as a Kanban board for the project. It should have columns that map roughly to 
 >   * Backlog, TODO, In progress, In testing, Done
 >   * You can change these or add more if you'd like, but we should be able to identify at least these.
 > * There is no requirement for automation in the project board but feel free to explore those options.
 > * Create an "Epic" (note) for each feature and each design pattern and assign them to the appropriate team member. Place these in the `Backlog` column
 > * Complete your first *sprint planning* meeting to plan out the next 7 days of work.
 >   * Create smaller development tasks as issues and assign them to team members. Place these in the `Backlog` column.
 >   * These cards should represent roughly 7 days worth of development time for your team, taking you until your first meeting with the TA
## Class Diagram
 > Include a class diagram(s) for each design pattern and a description of the diagram(s). Your class diagram(s) should include all the main classes you plan for the project. This should be in sufficient detail that another group could pick up the project this point and successfully complete it. Use proper OMT notation (as discussed in the course slides). You may combine multiple design patterns into one diagram if you'd like, but it needs to be clear which portion of the diagram represents which design pattern (either in the diagram or in the description). 
 
 > ## Phase III
 > You will need to schedule a check-in with the TA (during lab hours or office hours). Your entire team must be present. 
 > * Before the meeting you should perform a sprint plan like you did in Phase II
 > * In the meeting with your TA you will discuss: 
 >   - How effective your last sprint was (each member should talk about what they did)
 >   - Any tasks that did not get completed last sprint, and how you took them into consideration for this sprint
 >   - Any bugs you've identified and created issues for during the sprint. Do you plan on fixing them in the next sprint or are they lower priority?
 >   - What tasks you are planning for this next sprint.

 > ## Final deliverable
 > All group members will give a demo to the TA during lab time. The TA will check the demo and the project GitHub repository and ask a few questions to all the team members. 
 > Before the demo, you should do the following:
 > * Complete the sections below (i.e. Screenshots, Installation/Usage, Testing)
 > * Plan one more sprint (that you will not necessarily complete before the end of the quarter). Your In-progress and In-testing columns should be empty (you are not doing more work currently) but your TODO column should have a full sprint plan in it as you have done before. This should include any known bugs (there should be some) or new features you would like to add. These should appear as issues/cards on your Kanban board. 
 
 ## Screenshots
 > Screenshots of the input/output after running your application
 ## Installation/Usage
 > Instructions on installing and running your application
 ## Testing
 > How was your project tested/validated? If you used CI, you should have a "build passing" badge in this README.

Commit message:

Updated read_me by Xirong Xie
Add content in read_me file

README.md, after:

# Efficient Library System
Authors: [Omar Al-kurd](https://github.com/omar-a-007), [Sevak Ohanian](https://github.com/SevakOhanian7), [Xirong Xie](https://github.com/xxie043)
 
 > You will be forming a group of **THREE** students and working on an interesting project. A list of proposed project ideas that have been successful in previous quarters is given in the project specifications link on iLearn. You can select an idea from the list and decide which design patterns you will use to implement it. If you want to propose your own original idea, you will have to contact an instructor to discuss the project and obtain written permission before you submit your project proposal. Your project needs to implement two design patterns.The project work should be divided almost equally among team members and each member is expected to work on at least one design pattern (more than one partner may work on a pattern) and some of its test cases. You can of course help each other, but it needs to be clear who will be responsible for which patterns and for which features.
 
 > ## Expectations
 > * Incorporate **at least two** distinct design patterns. You need to include at least *one* design pattern that we will teach this session:
 >   * Composite, Strategy, Abstract Factory, Visitor, or Decorator
 > * All design patterns need to be linked together (it can't be two distinct projects)
 > * Your project should be implemented in C++. If you wish to choose anoher programming language (e.g. Java, Python), please discuss with your lab TA to obtain permission.
 > * You can incorporate additional technologies/tools but they must be approved (in writing) by the instructor or the TA.
 > * Each member of the group **must** be committing code regularly and make sure their code is correctly attributed to them. We will be checking attributions to determine if there was equal contribution to the project.
> * All project phases are to be submitted to this GitHub repository. You should modify this README file to reflect the different phases of the project. In addition, you should regularly hold sprint meetings with your group.

## Project Description
 > * Descripition
 > ** This is a program for library members to store their accouts' information. By logining in the system, users can check their accounts' status, including account grade,    borrow and return history, debt. There are more functions for users, such as borrow, return, and searching. The system will also store books' information for users to search. Books will be organized under different genres/sub-genres. The system will also provide recommendations to users based on their previous reading history. For system manage, administrative accounts will be able to edit both members' and books' information. The administrator can access the member's status, for example, to see if he or she return books on time. The administrator can also access to books' information. He/she can change the borrow/return status of books and also be able to edit books categories. 
 
 > * Why are we in this project?
 > ** Our team pick this program because we are interested in the login system and database. Another mainly reason would be, the program is pretty straight so we can add more functions to make it a little bit "complex" but works more efficiently. 
 
 > * Languages/Tools/Techniques
 > ** In this program, we will use c++ 11 as the main language. We will also use Git, Github, Googletest.
 
 > * Input/Output
 > ** Since it's a Library system program, inputs for members will be: borrow/return books, searching. For administrators will be: edit information of members and books. The  system will also output the information of members and books. It will output recommandation and research result as well.
 
 > * Patterns
 > ** In this lab we will use the following patterns:
 > *** Composite: This pattern will be used for system manage. For example, after creating an administrator class, it can access to catetory or books directly. The administrator class will be able to edit category objects from itself. Basically, the design pattern can help create a class which can be used to build hierarchy of objects in the database of library. After that, it will be more convenient to track the data. 

 > ## Phase II
 > In addition to completing the "Class Diagram" section below, you will need to 
 > * Set up your GitHub project board as a Kanban board for the project. It should have columns that map roughly to 
 >   * Backlog, TODO, In progress, In testing, Done
 >   * You can change these or add more if you'd like, but we should be able to identify at least these.
 > * There is no requirement for automation in the project board but feel free to explore those options.
 > * Create an "Epic" (note) for each feature and each design pattern and assign them to the appropriate team member. Place these in the `Backlog` column
 > * Complete your first *sprint planning* meeting to plan out the next 7 days of work.
 >   * Create smaller development tasks as issues and assign them to team members. Place these in the `Backlog` column.
 >   * These cards should represent roughly 7 days worth of development time for your team, taking you until your first meeting with the TA
## Class Diagram
 > Include a class diagram(s) for each design pattern and a description of the diagram(s). Your class diagram(s) should include all the main classes you plan for the project. This should be in sufficient detail that another group could pick up the project this point and successfully complete it. Use proper OMT notation (as discussed in the course slides). You may combine multiple design patterns into one diagram if you'd like, but it needs to be clear which portion of the diagram represents which design pattern (either in the diagram or in the description). 
 
 > ## Phase III
 > You will need to schedule a check-in with the TA (during lab hours or office hours). Your entire team must be present. 
 > * Before the meeting you should perform a sprint plan like you did in Phase II
 > * In the meeting with your TA you will discuss: 
 >   - How effective your last sprint was (each member should talk about what they did)
 >   - Any tasks that did not get completed last sprint, and how you took them into consideration for this sprint
 >   - Any bugs you've identified and created issues for during the sprint. Do you plan on fixing them in the next sprint or are they lower priority?
 >   - What tasks you are planning for this next sprint.

 > ## Final deliverable
 > All group members will give a demo to the TA during lab time. The TA will check the demo and the project GitHub repository and ask a few questions to all the team members. 
 > Before the demo, you should do the following:
 > * Complete the sections below (i.e. Screenshots, Installation/Usage, Testing)
 > * Plan one more sprint (that you will not necessarily complete before the end of the quarter). Your In-progress and In-testing columns should be empty (you are not doing more work currently) but your TODO column should have a full sprint plan in it as you have done before. This should include any known bugs (there should be some) or new features you would like to add. These should appear as issues/cards on your Kanban board. 
 
 ## Screenshots
 > Screenshots of the input/output after running your application
 ## Installation/Usage
 > Instructions on installing and running your application
 ## Testing
 > How was your project tested/validated? If you used CI, you should have a "build passing" badge in this README.
